[Doc] Add array functions (#1907)
apache/doris-website: docs/sql-manual/sql-functions/scalar-functions/array-functions/array-union.md

under the License.
-->

## Description

Merge multiple arrays without duplicate elements to generate a new array

## Syntax

```sql
ARRAY_UNION(<array>, <array> [, ... ])
```

## Parameters

| Parameter | Description |
|--|--|
| `<array>` | The array to be merged |

## Return Value

> Returns an array containing all elements in the union of array1 and array2, excluding duplicates. If the input parameter is NULL, it returns NULL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns an array containing all elements in the union of all arrays, excluding duplicates. If the input parameter is NULL, it returns NULL.
```

under the License.
-->

## Description

Merge multiple arrays without duplicate elements to generate a new array

## Syntax

```sql

> ARRAY_UNION(<array1>, <array2>)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ARRAY_UNION(<array> [, <array> ] )
```

```

## Parameters

| Parameter | Description |
|--|--|
| `<array1>` | The array to be merged |

> | `<array2>` | The array to be merged |

Reviewer: 写一个 `<array>` 就可以了
